So let's talk about the wedding
hold a wedding
Ah, you are now the young grandmother of our Li family
A wedding is indispensable
And it's going to be big
No need for grandma's wedding
Mr. Li and I are usually very busy with work
And it's not important.
How is that possible?
There should be no less ceremonies
Some, wouldn't you say?
That's fine with me.
slightly
Lee has no opinion
I'm okay with that.
Okay, let's spread the word
I'm going to let everyone know in three days.
Who is our true young lady Liya?
Hahaha
Li Beixian, the new president of Li's Group
The marriage with the young man is about to proceed
It is reported that
Qin Dong invited all the celebrities and dignitaries in Ancheng
Attend this wedding
This shows the importance he attaches to the bride
Damn old thing
Small is not your existence
The position of your young lady will only be mine
Jiang Yuhang, you trash
Learn to play games in a day
My prosperity and wealth are going to be in vain
Ok baby
You can't be angry.
If you are angry
It will affect the baby in our belly
If you want to make me happy
Just do one thing for me
Mr. Li, you don't like me
Why did you promise grandma to hold a wedding?
Because I seem to like you